Your voice has the gentle power to soothe me.
The very idea of your existence is enough to make me smile internally.
The form of your soul is astoundingly gorgeous.
There's no one like you in this world.
I bet you could survive a zombie apocalypse.
When you say that you will do something, I trust you.
I like the way you make me think.
I like the way you make me feel.
You're like a ray of sunshine on a very desolate day.
You are a wonderful human being.
I'm glad I didn't die before I met you.
No one else makes me laugh like you do.
I like your style.
You seem to be able to do ordinary things extraordinarily well.
You're an awesome friend.
Loving you feels like the most natural thing in the world.
I am a better person because of you.
You're perfect just the way you are.
You always make my day.
You are truly an inspiration.
I know that you will always have my back. You're that kind of a dependable friend.
I never met anyone as awesome as you.
I bet you were cool way before hipsters were cool.
You make me see the world in a way no one else ever had.
You have the best laugh.
I bet you do crossword puzzles in ink.
You are so thoughtful.
You're really great at figuring stuff out.
You're more than enough than what I deserve.
You may be just one person in the world, but you might be the whole world to someone.
Everything becomes more vibrant whenever you walk into a room.
Out of all the people I met, I hate you the least.
Whenever you put your mind to something, you become unstoppable.
Somehow, you make time stop and fly at the same time.
Your capacity for kindness is infinite.
You're amazing, and I'm lucky to even know you.
Your voice is always a pleasure to hear.
You have the courage of your convictions.
You're always worth my time.
You’re beautiful inside and out.
Your smile is contagious.
You are stunning.
I enjoy spending every moment of my time with you.
You have a great sense of humor.
You have such a refreshing presence.
Your perspective on everything is really refreshing.
Your outlook on life is inspirational.
You’ve got all the right moves.
You make me float like a million tiny bubbles.
I wish I was half the human you are.
You always seem to know what I want to hear. Thank you.
You’re making a difference.
Even the things you don’t like about yourself make you interesting.
Hanging out with you is always a blast.
You’re a candle amidst the darkness.
Your goodness puts the good Samaritan to shame.
You have a heart of gold.
You’re more helpful than you realize.
Thank you for being you.
Many of my fondest memories include you.
You have a good head on your shoulders.
You have such a good heart.
I admire your resilience and tenacity.
You are so trustworthy that I always believe what you say.
Your creative potential seems to be boundless.
I care about you. Just call me when you need me.
You’re someone who actually walks the talk.
I don’t know what I ever did to deserve someone as impressive as you.
I hope you are proud of yourself because I am!
Your laugh is my favorite sound.
Your presence makes everything seem brighter.
I want to be like you when I grow up.
I wish I’d known you sooner.
I really enjoy talking with you.
Your heart must be a hundred times the average size.
Life is always happier with you around.
Nothing about you is mediocre.
There’s ordinary. And then there’s you.
I didn’t know how important friendship was until I met you.
You bring out the best in me.
I know nothing can stop you.
You are the reason I am smiling today.
I bet you sweat glitters.
Anyone would be lucky to have you as a friend.
You always manage to bring out the best in everyone.
You're a great listener.
I don't worry about you, because you have the answer to all problems.
I will never forget about you.
You've shown me how to be a kinder person.
You are the personification of awesomeness.
There is never a dull moment with you around.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're an 11.
I'd share my food with you.
I truly appreciate all the moments you've been there for me.
You should be proud of yourself.
Thank you for being an awesome friend.
You deserve all the hugs you want.
You're my constant reminder that people can be good.
You're even better than a unicorn because you're actually real.
Thank you for existing.
I always tell everyone how wonderful you are.
You have a talent for making people around you comfortable.
You're someone's reason to smile.
You're someone who should be thanked often. So, a hundred thanks to you!
You look so young.
You're all that and a super-sized bag of scrumptious chips.
Being around you is like being on a happy, little vacation.
I'm always happy around you.
You never fail to impress me.
Your kindness is a balm to everyone who encounters it.
You're one of a kind.
The world would be so boring without you.
I love your wit.
You're a rare Pokémon.
You're incredible, especially when you're just being yourself.
Your presence is very reassuring.
If you were a box of crayons, you'd be the gigantic branded one with the built-in sharpener.
I can't imagine life without you.
You make a bigger impact on the world than you realize.
You have taught me so many things.
Jokes are funnier when you're the one who tells them.
You're more of a superhero than any Marvel character out there.
The world seems to be more colorful when you're around.
You are one of the strongest people I know.
You're even more fun than a bubble wrap.
You look great today.
You seem to really know who you are, and I admire that.
You have impeccable manners.
No matter what happens, I will always be with you.
You're even better than a triple-scoop ice cone with sprinkles.
Your potential knows no bound.
You possess great leadership skills.
You matter more than you know.
I'm managed to become the best version of myself because of you.
The world is a better place because you exist.
The folks who raised you deserve a medal for a job well done.
For some reason, you just glow.
You being part of my world is one of the best things that ever happened to me.
Your fashion sense is superb.
You are a special friend to me.
You rule!
I'm so proud of you.
You make me feel whole.
I feel bad for everyone that hasn't met you.
You're one of the kindest people I know.
You always lead by example, and that's great.
Your presence is always like a breath of fresh air.
I appreciate our friendship.
You're one of the bravest and most courageous people I know.
You always have the best ideas.
Thank you for being a good influence on me.
You're a blessing to everyone you meet.
I find your intelligence really sexy.
When we're together, everything seems possible.
Little babies and small animals probably like you.
The world would be better if more people were like you.
Hugging you is the only comfort I need.
Your very existence makes me feel better about life.
You rock!
Your optimism is infectious.
Your eyes sparkle with intelligence.
I've never met a person quite as great as you.
You bring out the best in me.
The people around you are super lucky to have you in their lives.
